---
workspace: personal
notion_id: 16939f50-d0a8-806c-86c6-efb9bdfa42d3
"Created at": "2024-12-27T11:09:00.000Z"
Status: Draft
Date: 2024-12-01
Belongs to:
  - "[[year/2024-dragon|2024 • Dragon]]"
Rating: 🤩
Reviewed: False
aliases:
  - December 2024
Is A:
  - Month
---

# December 2024

– 🏋️‍♂️ Bought Technogym Unica!
– 🍻 Weekend with Michela & Gabriele. Gabriele learning about Substack
– 🏎️ Finished GT4 championship! 20°
– 💶 Bitcoin at $100K
– 🛩️ Tromso trip!
– 🌀 Announced coaching & branding!
– 🍻 Giorgio joined Syllotyps!

- 🍻 Happy about Gabriele getting interested about substack — but I wonder if it will last
- 💸 Felt bad about spending too much money. need to keep minimalism and only buy things that make us better
- 🎒 Maybe I should just position myself to be able to execute a plan as soon as the plan manifests itself
- 🧾 Received a BIG ticket for speeding, and got very anxious about it. It’s not about the money, but rather some kind of realization which I am not sure of.
- 🍻 Super happy about the dinner with Daniele, Michele & Mario Carlo
  - Both Flavia and I are super comfortable and happy with them
- 🏎️ Championship had a bittersweet end — was super fast at Misano, but made a mistake at the end and ruined my race. Grateful for the experience
- 🌀 Realized that I only want to do things that make me proud, now that Refactoring is sustainable
- 🌀 Proud of launching the coaching — also masterminds going really well (15 people yesterday!)
- 🏔️ Tromso trip went very well!
  - Nature was insane, excursions were good, and we were (mostly) fine together.
- 🏎️ I feel fast at Misano
  - I have got considerably faster throughout the championship
- Happy about the considerate progress in the note app, without feeling like a zombie
  - The key is probably to think at the strategy and transmit it to the AI, as opposed to let the AI run most of the choices.
  - I invested in learning CRDTs and told AI to use them
- I want to ==orient my life towards:==
  - Great training
  - Great PKM
  - Sim racing
  - Great feedback loops / delegation for work
  - No more coding projects unless they fit the bigger picture
- I feel lazy and unfocused lately — maybe it’s also because I have been sick, but I think there’s more to it.
- ==Bitcoin at 100K!==
- 🏎️ Awesome race at Algarve! 15° with great pace
- Awesome interview with Martin Fowler
- Lunch with Disheng — we talked about the chance of working with him as consultant on the organizational part + Lara SaaS, e.g. 1 day /week
  - I feel attracted by that but I feel that part of the attraction is simply being flattered and wanting to be liked