---
workspace: personal
notion_id: 6889d3f9-ad40-4aa7-a649-9624ee36951b
"Created at": "2024-07-18T13:10:00.000Z"
Status: Draft
Date: 2025-11-01
Belongs to:
  - "[[year/2025-snake|2025 • Snake]]"
Rating: 🤯
Reviewed: False
aliases:
  - November 2025
Is A:
  - Month
---

# November 2025

– 🍻 Met Simone + Marta, Giorgio + Ele, Disheng, Mario Carlo, Michele, Francesco
– 🎸 Cacciato Carlo!
– 🌀 Brand rework going great!
– 🏡 Oakywood desk!
– 🎨 Creator life unifying strategy!
– 🌀 Amazing meeting in Lisbon with Jordan & Fabrizio!
– 🌀 New Hybrid Hacker in digest mode!
– 🌀 Good business planning!
– 🌀 Started selling program!
– ❤️ Flavia relationship getting better

- Very happy about the interview with Marco — I feel at home at Translated / Pi Campus, and I like to talk with Marco
- The speed of progress on the note app is frankly incredible. The idea of selling it now feels… viable.
- If I don’t schedule things precisely, and I am not motivated to do them, the “free” days are easily wasted
- In an age where you can do anything thanks to AI, the great edge will be staying in good shape — physically and mentally — to be able to want to do things.
- Very happy about the progress on the macOS app
  - It makes me happy to work on it, and it’s something I can do even when I am tired
- Happy that I am meeting more friends lately: Mario Carlo, Claudio
- Happy that I have good plans for the Refactoring future: coaching, guest authors, the new podcast season
- Sometimes I feel like my routine is only sustainable when I am in miracolously good shape — body and mind — and as soon as I get a bit “down” it all falls apart.
- Lately I feel more unfocused because there are two things that tend to suck my attention: bullet chess and the Swift app. They both get me into a state of flow/zombie and I spend an inordinate amount of time on them.
  - Today I am kind of fighting back, but I played chess a lot anyway
- A lot of progress on the Swift app, but I tend to get sucked into it whenever I start working on it. It’s the downside of the state of flow: tunnel vision.
- Got to 1200 in bullet chess! It feels incredible as I was ~700 just one month ago. Now I am >1100 in Daily, Rapid, Blitz, and Bullet
- Monza race went poorly, I caused an accident and I felt really bad about it. Felt inadequate. I say to myself to use this feeling as fuel to improve, but it’s not easy.
- Happy that this morning I did some rowing!
- Poor sleep because I ate hamburger + fries. I should never eat them again
- Got a breakthrough about building a custom note-taking app — yesterday I worked a lot and got to a working version in Swift that works locally and syncs with Sanity
  - Excited to build more apps over time to fit my needs
- Worried that I won’t be able to keep up with training
- Happy about the new Mac Mini! Will use it to host my own apps, plus as a backup computer
- Happy about the upcoming things at Refactoring: guest author program, new podcast season, and guest portraits by grace helmer.
  - I feel more energized about Refactoring lately
- All the bad things Flavia thinks (sometimes) about me can be summarized as: I care more about work than about her
  - Not true, but I may take her for granted sometimes, in times where I am working harder
  - Or I may prioritize too much my weird routines vs our time together
  - Whenever we argue it’s always a variation of that
- This morning I trained 20 mins on the rowing machine, it felt right, even though admittedly not the most intensive workout. I showered after that and now I feel great 🙌
- Happy about crypto growing, do we have the chance to hit 1M in this cycle?
- Added the rowing machine to the gym, looks good!
- Happy about the Lunch with Disheng
  - Translated is chaotic but very ambitious
  - Some people are stressed, Disheng not too much because he learned how to manage it
- Happy about reworking Refactoring branding
- Race went so-so, 18th, slept horribly after.
  - Very far from the top10 in pace (~1 sec/lap)
- Mega tired today because of pepe waking us up ~45 mins before alarm
- Not training anymore :( worried about finding a routine
- Races are tiring, I probably overshot by doing the championship
  - But it’s good learning anyway
- Tried to transform in text all my notes on Notion by journaling and load them in a custom AI and so far the results are very promising.
- Grateful for the birthday dinner with family ❤️
- Trip on Trasimeno was very good, we spent some good time together with Flavia.
  - I felt more present, grateful and happy about the time spent together.