---
workspace: personal
notion_id: d83b2765-e1b2-402b-b7eb-5228eede79a8
"Created at": "2024-03-12T10:23:00.000Z"
Status: Draft
Date: 2025-01-01
Belongs to:
  - "[[year/2025-snake|2025 • Snake]]"
Rating: 🤯
Reviewed: False
aliases:
  - January 2025
Is A:
  - Month
---

# January 2025

– 🌀 Improved a lot on videos thanks to new cam and better prod!
– 🌀 Will do a native app with Circle Plus!
– 🏋️‍♀️ Trained 17 times! Incredible! And I see results
– 😴 Sleeping better, maybe thanks to training?
– 🏡 Dad at the hospital for urinary infection, now he is fine
– 💕 Happier with Flavia
– 🌀 Will take an intern!
– 🤖 Might do some AI work with Translated
– 🍻 Met many friends: Mario Carlo, Fabio, Valerio, Gabriele, Simone
– 🏎️ Will do the Italian F4 championship with Fabrizio!

- Feel very happy about the ==training progress and routine==, I see results!
- Lol contradicting what I wrote yesterday I am excited about racing with Fabrizio
  - Accountability seems key to maintain hard routines
- I don’t feel like racing a lot these days, I am missing all my goals, but I feel like I found a good overall routine with ==work + training + some counterstrike==, and I don’t want to interfere with that. One thing at a time
- Grateful for being happy with Flavia lately
- Turned iPad into more of a journaling aid. Happy with the change
- Excited about doing videos with the new setup!
  - The new cam made me single-handedly excited about making videos. I was 100% not before. I wonder ==what is it that actually motivates me?== Maybe it’s quality? There is a lesson to be learned somewhere
- Grateful about the dinner with Matteo Colò
- I am grateful ==dad is back home== and healthy (more or less!)
- I feel very well energy-wise. I think it’s the combination of good sleep + good exercise
- I feel pressure at work — maybe we are doing too many things? Or maybe it’s just that sponsorships are a bit down
- Flirting with the idea of a dedicated device for journaling — would love to buy a new ipad
- Slighty worried about ==dad in the hospital==, but he seems fine
- Super ==grateful for training regularly== — I am finally progressing after 2 years of basically plateau
- Excited about the work on community and about leveling up video
- Grateful for being ==back on iRacing==
- Grateful for hanging out regularly with Mario Carlo
- Grateful for ==sleeping well lately==, is it because of working out?
- The ==Circle Plus== thing looks like a great opportunity — and it would be something I am proud of.
- I am ==training almost everyday== and I love it!
- I learned from “screen time” that I spend ~1 hour / day on X. I will try to reduce that.
  - ==Put the phone on grayscale== — actually it feels good!
- Grateful for training regularly, I feel better + sleep better
- Grateful for having dinner out with ==Flavia at Baja== <3 it’s our special place and I always love to eat out with her — it’s our time.
- Grateful and proud that I spent some time to ==help Valerio Raco==
  - Happy to connect with friends — no strings attached
- Grateful for having ==lunch with Fabio==
- Proud for having visited mom because she was not feeling well
- I sleep better lately — not sure what it is, maybe it’s more working out? I also feel generally better throughout the day
- Grateful for ==training several days in a row==. I feel good and it doesn’t feel too hard on my routine — I hope I can keep up with it
- Grateful for meeting many friends in the coming days: Fabio Tomassini, Valerio Raco, Gabriele Proni
- Happy that I worked out 2 days in a row — feels good
- I had a wonderful dinner out with Flavia and we talked about many things. We should remember to ==take some time for ourselves== like this
- Argued with Flavia that I don’t care about her / her work. I don’t think she is right but I want to do better nonetheless
- I feel more energy lately:
  - I feel that I want to go after video
  - I feel I can plan product work on Noter properly
  - and more!