---
workspace: personal
notion_id: 2aa19122-4f7b-49f6-937f-9b7c0526a347
"Created at": "2024-07-18T13:10:00.000Z"
Status: Draft
Date: 2025-12-01
Belongs to:
  - "[[year/2025-snake|2025 • Snake]]"
Rating: 🤩
Reviewed: False
aliases:
  - December 2025
Is A:
  - Month
---

# December 2025

– 🌀 100 signups at black friday!
– 🌀 Sold 10 spots for the course!
– 🌀 Launched new brand
– 🌀 Back to social media daily
– 🍻 Met Valerio Raco, Matteo & Pier, Disheng, Alessio, Elena, Matteo Colò, Giuliano
– 🎄 Christmas at our place with extended family
– 🏡 Philips Hue journey!
– 🏙️ Trip to New York!

- 🍻 Happy about Gabriele getting interested about substack — but I wonder if it will last
- 💸 Felt bad about spending too much money. need to keep minimalism and only buy things that make us better
- 🎒 Maybe I should just position myself to be able to execute a plan as soon as the plan manifests itself
- 🧾 Received a BIG ticket for speeding, and got very anxious about it. It’s not about the money, but rather some kind of realization which I am not sure of.
- 🍻 Super happy about the dinner with Daniele, Michele & Mario Carlo
  - Both Flavia and I are super comfortable and happy with them
- 🏎️ Championship had a bittersweet end — was super fast at Misano, but made a mistake at the end and ruined my race. Grateful for the experience
- 🌀 Realized that I only want to do things that make me proud, now that Refactoring is sustainable
- 🌀 Proud of launching the coaching — also masterminds going really well (15 people yesterday!)
- 🏔️ Tromso trip went very well!
  - Nature was insane, excursions were good, and we were (mostly) fine together.
- 🏎️ I feel fast at Misano
  - I have got considerably faster throughout the championship
- Happy about the considerate progress in the note app, without feeling like a zombie
  - The key is probably to think at the strategy and transmit it to the AI, as opposed to let the AI run most of the choices.
  - I invested in learning CRDTs and told AI to use them
- I want to ==orient my life towards:==
  - Great training
  - Great PKM
  - Sim racing
  - Great feedback loops / delegation for work
  - No more coding projects unless they fit the bigger picture
- I feel lazy and unfocused lately — maybe it’s also because I have been sick, but I think there’s more to it.
- ==Bitcoin at 100K!==
- 🏎️ Awesome race at Algarve! 15° with great pace
- Awesome interview with Martin Fowler
- Lunch with Disheng — we talked about the chance of working with him as consultant on the organizational part + Lara SaaS, e.g. 1 day /week
  - I feel attracted by that but I feel that part of the attraction is simply being flattered and wanting to be liked