---
workspace: personal
notion_id: 8ec199a7-2c59-458c-ac95-c83da0bd8579
"Created at": "2021-11-28T10:19:00.000Z"
Reviewed: True
Buckets:
  - "[[project/launch-refactoring-club|🚀 Launch Refactoring Club]]"
Topics:
  - Community
aliases:
  - Community Canvas
Is A:
  - Note
---

# Community Canvas

## Journey

1. Define your community member persona
1. Provide amazing onboarding experience
1. Add immense value
1. Encourage active participation
1. Host memorable experiences
1. Delight members
1. Improve everyday and grow
## Mission

The goal of Refactoring is to help people build great engineering teams. 

This community is here to share and learn what is the best way to write software, work together and be happy in the process.

If you are a technical leader who wants to create a motivated, high-performing team, a founder who wants to scale their company, or an engineer who wants to up their game, this is the place for you.

## Why a Community?

For more than a year I have written a new essay every week about some engineering topic I care about. Even though these essays include sizeable research, they always present my own point of view. 

This is a blessing and a curse.

The upside is you get practical advice that is anchored to real-world experience. The downside is there is a ceiling to what I can genuinely write about, because there is a ceiling to my own experience.

The community feels like a natural extension to what Refactoring can provide, by allowing people to share and receive advice in a way that goes beyond what I am able to do on my own.

And it goes beyond learning, too. In the community you are able to meet peers and create valuable connections for your personal and professional life.

I am building Refactoring to be your engineering family — the place and the people you trust you can always reach out to for anything you need.

## What to expect

- Async, written
- Quality
- Regular events
- 
- Deep conversations — the community is built on Circle, a modern tool that focuses on written, async interactions over noisy real time chats. 
## Community persona

- You are an engineering manager or technical leader who wants to create high-performing, motivated teams.
- You are a founder who is scaling their company.
- You are a developer who wants to level up and learn more about best way to work together.
## Pain Points

- There is so much information about frameworks, languages, and so little about how we should work together to be happy and effective.
- 
- Questionnaire
- Write down a few in advance
## Values

- 🤝 Honesty — don't be afraid to ask questions, discuss your own mistakes, give and receive honest feedback.
- ❤️ Kindness — be supportive and respectful of everyone's journey. We are here to help each other.
- 🌱 Generosity — community is about giving more than you take. Try to be helpful — do not spam.
- 🎨 Diversity — everyone's experience is unique and can provide a meaningful point of view.
- 👁️ Privacy — this is a private community and we want every one to feel safe and supported. Unless stated otherwise, all discussions are off the record.
## Create a home for the community

- 
## Set a strong foundation

- Reach out to ideal members to become members of the community
- Create an onboarding form
## Personalised onboarding

## Getting started guide

## Automate reminders

## New members kick-off

- Kind of small “cohorts” of new members
- 👋 Name, Location (Twitter link, Linkedin profile link)
- 👉 About me
- 🤝 What can I help with
- 🙋‍♀️ What I need help on
- 😀 Here’s a fun thing about me
## Weekly introductions

- Create a post, regularly, that introduces new members to the community
## Curate content generated by the community

## Share quality content

- Weekly community recap
  - Popular discussions and QnA in the Community
  - Gratitude to the most active contributors this week
  - Upcoming events and key updates
  - Noteworthy resources or learnings shared this week
- Ask questions
  - Can anyone recommend …. ?
  - What is the best/worst … ?
  - What tool do you use for … ?
  - Best practices for … ?
  - A vs B - recommendation?
## Encourage members to step up

## Misc

- Amplify on Social Media
- Reduce channels?