---
aliases:
  - "Address maintenance with “cycling”"
"Is A":
  - Evergreen
"Created at": "2024-04-18T14:44:00.000Z"
Reviewed: false
Archived: false
Pinned: false
"Belongs to":
  - "[[essay/how-to-plan-for-maintenance|How to Plan for Maintenance]]"
  - "[[monday-ideas/monday-84|Monday #84]]"
"Old Created At": "2023-04-27T15:18:00.000+02:00"
"Updated at": "2024-04-19T09:37:00.000Z"
Status: Not started
notion_id: 9f77ce8e-ee75-4539-b509-e302922907cb
---

# Address maintenance with “cycling”

One of the best strategies for doing regular maintenance — like updating libraries, adding missing tests, and fixing small bugs — is to allocate a fixed time for it, say 25% of your team’s time.

This can be done on a weekly basis, or through a *rotating* process where people are periodically assigned to a maintenance-only schedule.

Here are a couple of variations that I learned through the community:

#### 🪖 Bug Duty

[Radoslav Stankov](https://www.linkedin.com/in/radoslavstankov?originalSubdomain=bg), Head of Engineering at Product Hunt, wrote [a full article](https://blog.rstankov.com/bug-duty-process/) about their *bug duty *process.

A different person from engineering is assigned to the *Bug Duty* every sprint. During that sprint, they don't work on a project. Instead, they work on the bug backlog. Quoting the article:

> *The engineer has the following responsibilities:
* Manage the "Bugs" project in Asana
* Fix outstanding bugs
* Immediately fix the bugs marked as “high priority”
* Attend the Support team weekly sync, where issues with our website are often discussed
* Be available in the *`*#product-feedback*`* Slack channel (our teammates post issues there. The person on bug duty should handle those)
* Handle all upcoming exceptions reported in *`*#engineering-sentry*`* (this Slack channel receives all Sentry errors. We try to keep their number to 0 in production)*

This process works well especially in small teams, where knowledge of the codebase is widespread, and you may generally have full-stack devs. In larger orgs, you can counter the higher specialization by assigning multiple people to *Bug Duty* at the same time, covering the various platforms / layers (e.g. frontend + backend).

In any case, consider keeping one person responsible for the process, for building ownership. In Rado’s own words:

> *For me is important to have a single DRI (Direct Responsible Individual) for bug split even if there is more than one person on bug duty. It should be a different one each sprint, since it is a good learning experience.*

A variation of this is implemented at Swarmia as well. [Ari Koponen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/apkoponen?originalSubdomain=fi), Head of Platform, weighs in:

> *We also have a rotating "Chief Firefighting Officer (CFO)" role. The CFO fixes immediate customer support needs, keeps taps on our production systems, merges dependency updates (PRs generated by *[*Renovate*](https://www.mend.io/renovate/)*), etc. *

#### 🎽 Maintenance Team

The *larger* version of the bug duty process is to assign a whole team to maintenance for a period of time. These are sometimes called *quality sprints*, or [*bug bashes*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bug_bash)* *if focused on finding and fixing bugs*.*

[Kendrick](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kendrickcurtis?originalSubdomain=uk) from Codacy weighs in on this:

> *If you have multiple teams working on a product, allocate a whole team to maintenance activities, for a period of time, then cycle them out. So then none of the rest of your squads' time gets contaminated so PM can plan nicely. 

And when there's no "bugs" work to do, the maintenance team can work on dependency updates, refactoring etc. 

I actually had a team at RLDatix who loved being on "release bugs" because all the time they were not on that, they were ripping the code apart and making it better in a really self-directed way.*

Similar initiatives exist for other types of engineering work as well: you may hear about *security sprints*, or *accessibility sprints.*

My take is that such dedicated cycles work well in creating momentum and fixing a large number of issues all together, but suffer from being—inevitably—infrequent, so they can’t be your only maintenance strategy.

If you do a quality sprint once every four sprints, on paper it’s a healthy 25%. In practice, though, with weekly sprints, that means fixing bugs only once a month, which is definitely not enough. If you have multiple teams, rotating them works better, as long as any team can own bugs from anywhere in the product.

A good way to make *maintenance teams* work is to pair them with a strict policy that doesn’t let high priority bugs pile up, as we covered above.
